hey youtubers this is dark angel 80 126
and I'm going to show you one of my two
favorite weapons the first one is a
desert eagle 50 caliber and the other
one is a g36c just to remind you I have
absolutely no help building this weapon
I did this myself then I loaded a
picture on the internet and install the
building it took me like four six to
seven hours I think I don't know let's
start with desert eagle desert eagle has
this front and rear sight it has is
security lock is attached with the
proper band and it talks back like the
real weapon and it has this security for
the slide is a pretty cool weapon
actually I like it very much it also has
a remote map removable magazine and I
actually have to thank dual desert eagle
because he is the creator of this weapon
and I just followed instructions
carefully you need some hot glue so you
can paste on parts and just put the
Eagle instructions on the search and you
will have this feel as soon as possible
let's go with the g36c this what this
piece I can't remember when did I get it
but I think it's from space or leg of
thing I don't know we have here the
front side and we also have the rear
sight obviously you can look better when
you have it ah this is the trigger it
works suspended with the trigger that
releases the magazine like in the real
weapon what do I have this piece may ask
let me show you I have this Bionicle
piece that are removed and I to put it
with a 90 degrees angler and with it it
attaches and when it does it clicks with
the problematic pushes for so that
magazine will fall off actually I did
this myself it is pretty creative this
is the adjust fire and this part right
here is security then actually had to
put for the stock because stock actually
bent and it's pretty cool I and the last
thing that we have is the slide so it's
just pulling from left to right whatever
you wish for and you just pull it back
and is full with the magazine get stuck
sometimes but seriously it works pretty
good actually I'm happy with both
weapons the g36c it's actually pretty
damn heavy and also is strong on the
handle see I can actually carry the
weapon and it's pretty strong so if you
really want to comment rate please do it
upset positive comments and god bless
and thanks for watching